Add example config (#580)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf: config/README.md

This folder contains additional configuration files for running the `scpca-nf` workflow.
To use a configuration file, it must be referenced in the main configuration file (i.e., [`nextflow.config`](../nextflow.config)) using `includeConfig`.

> - `containers.config` specifies Docker containers to use when running the `scpca-nf` workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `containers.config` specifies Docker containers used by `scpca-nf` workflow processes
```

> - `process_base.config` specifies resource settings for the `scpca-nf` workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `process_base.config`: default resource settings for `scpca-nf` workflow processes
```

> - `profile_awsbatch.config` specifies AWS resources for the `scpca-nf` workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `profile_awsbatch.config`: legacy AWS Batch configuration for Data Lab users
```

> - `profile_awsbatch_auto.config` specifies AWS resources for the `scpca-nf` workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `profile_awsbatch_auto.config`: AWS Batch configuration with auto-scaling disks for Data Lab users
```

> - `profile_ccdl.config` is used internally by the Data Lab for the `scpca-nf` workflow, as described in [`internal-instructions.md`](../internal-instructions.md#running-scpca-nf-as-a-data-lab-staff-member)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `profile_ccdl.config`: file locations used internally by the Data Lab, as described in [`internal-instructions.md`](../internal-instructions.md#running-scpca-nf-as-a-data-lab-staff-member)
```

This folder contains additional configuration files for running the `scpca-nf` workflow.

> To use a configuration file, it must be included in the main configuration file (e.g., [`nextflow.config`](../nextflow.config)).

Reviewer: A bit more detail, if we are going to say anything.
```suggestion
To use a configuration file, it must be referenced in the main configuration file (i.e., [`nextflow.config`](../nextflow.config)) using `includeConfig`.
```

> | Config file | Description | Included from `nextflow.config`? |

Reviewer: Delete this column, since the only thing not included is the markdown file?  Actually, this probably doesn't need to be a table at all
```suggestion
| Config file | Description |
```

This folder contains additional configuration files for running the `scpca-nf` workflow.

> Some of these files are called from `nextflow.config`, and others can be optionally specified at run time.

Reviewer: _All_ of the configs have to be referenced in `nextflow.config`, otherwise nextflow would have no way of finding them.

Author: Ahhh I see, thanks!! I think I never looked at that part of the `nextflow.config` file and figured it knew about these because of some automatic naming scheme! I'll delete this sentence and replace with something like they must be included for the main config to know about them.
